README.md, before:

# Zenith [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/emlai/zenith.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/emlai/zenith) [![Build Status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/avyab8dh0d35dakh/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/emlai/zenith/branch/master)
 
Zenith is an upcoming open-world roguelike-like game currently in development.

It is written in C++14 using the Boost and SDL2 libraries.

![](https://forum.freegamedev.net/download/file.php?id=10844&mode=view)
![](https://forum.freegamedev.net/download/file.php?id=10843&mode=view)

## Building from source

Install the dependencies: CMake, Boost, and SDL2.

Ubuntu:

    sudo apt-get install cmake libboost-all-dev libsdl2-dev

macOS (with [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)):

    brew install cmake boost sdl2

**Note:** On Windows, in addition to specifying the `BOOST_ROOT` and
`BOOST_LIBRARYDIR` variables for CMake, you may need to also specify
`Boost_COMPILER` in order to find the Boost libraries: e.g.
`-DBoost_COMPILER="-vc141"` where `-vc141` is the same string as the one
encoded in the Boost library filenames.

Then, generate a build system, and build the project:

    cmake .
    make -j

This creates the game executable in the project root directory.

Feel free to open an issue if you run into any problems.

## License

The Zenith source code is licensed under the GNU General Public License. See the
file [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt) for the full license text.

Commit message:

Add instructions for defining library paths for CMake

README.md, after:

# Zenith [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/emlai/zenith.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/emlai/zenith) [![Build Status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/avyab8dh0d35dakh/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/emlai/zenith/branch/master)
 
Zenith is an upcoming open-world roguelike-like game currently in development.

It is written in C++14 using the Boost and SDL2 libraries.

![](https://forum.freegamedev.net/download/file.php?id=10844&mode=view)
![](https://forum.freegamedev.net/download/file.php?id=10843&mode=view)

## Building from source

Install the dependencies: CMake, Boost, and SDL2.

Ubuntu:

    sudo apt-get install cmake libboost-all-dev libsdl2-dev

macOS (with [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)):

    brew install cmake boost sdl2

When invoking CMake, you may need to define the paths to SDL2 and Boost:

    -DSDL2_PATH=... -DBOOST_ROOT=... -DBOOST_LIBRARYDIR=...

**Note:** On Windows, in addition to specifying the `BOOST_ROOT` and
`BOOST_LIBRARYDIR` variables for CMake, you may need to also specify
`Boost_COMPILER` in order to find the Boost libraries: e.g.
`-DBoost_COMPILER="-vc141"` where `-vc141` is the same string as the one
encoded in the Boost library filenames.

Then, generate a build system, and build the project:

    cmake .
    make -j

This creates the game executable in the project root directory.

Feel free to open an issue if you run into any problems.

## License

The Zenith source code is licensed under the GNU General Public License. See the
file [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt) for the full license text.
